keys/employees-keys/README.md: add full procedure for new employees (#14)
3mdeb/3mdeb-secpack: keys/employees-keys/README.md

      <n>w = key expires in n weeks
      <n>m = key expires in n months
      <n>y = key expires in n years
Key is valid for? (0) 2y

> Key expires at Fri 07 Apr 2023 11:40:33 AM CEST

Reviewer: 1) What to do when this key expires?
2) If a previously arranged key is temporarily inaccessible _(i.e. you're away from a PC with it)_ or has been lost?
- Just make a new key then?

Author: @mikebdp2

1. There are 2 possible situations either it just expires, then you should simply extend the validity timeline as described [here](https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/177310). If use extension, then why we just not set an unlimited timeline? Because people forget about if someone extends expiry time it means the key is still in use. Another problem is if you lost a private key or you consider it is compromised, that means you should revoke it. Procedure is [here](https://superuser.com/a/1526287)
2. You should extend the expiration time before it expires, or you can do that after, but there would be some gap when the key would be not valid.

Both questions are valid, so I will add this discussion to the document.

The key ID in this case is `7429663E`.

### Sending key for signing

Generate ASCII armor public key file:

```
gpg --armor --output your-name-key.asc --export "YOUR KEY ID HERE"
```

Obtain fingerprint of your key:

```

> gpg -n -q --import --import-options import-show your-name-key.asc

Reviewer 2: Won't something simpler like `gpg --fingerprint your.name@3mdeb.com` do?

Author: @SergiiDmytruk doesn't work for me with gpg v2.2.12

Please send fingerprint to 3mdeb Team Leaders or Management using different
channel then 3mdeb chat e.g. https://keybase.io, LinkedIn, email, etc.
Fingerprints should be sent to the person who works with you on signing your keys.

### Identity confirmation

Following information is for 3mdeb Team Leaders or Management.

* If official contract between employee and 3mdeb was signed, then national id
  verification was involved. In that case Team Leader or Manager, based on
  previous video call or live discussion during recruitment process, can confirm
  that employee sending keys is the same person who were hired. Also new employee
  should be the only one who has access to `@3mdeb.com` emails address based on
  secure credential passing procedure performed by IT.
* If we establish keys for freelancer, who's identity cannot be confirmed by
  national id, video call or face to face discussion, we rely on multiple
  Internet identities e.g. reddit, mailing list, Slack, Wire, Google email,
  keybase, cryptocurrency address etc. Freelancer have to confirm at least
  through 5 channels that he/she is the only person in control of channels.

> We recommend to create [Keybase account](https://keybase.io) to simplify

Reviewer: Keybase is owned by Zoom and isn't completely open-source - https://github.com/keybase/client/issues/6374 , not sure if we could trust them TBH

Author: @mikebdp2 I would never treat them as a single verification entity, this is just one that may add to social proof identity confirmation. What would you suggest? keyoxide or maybe there is really something nice we can selfhost?

Author: I added one sentence to improve that section.

Reviewer: @pietrushnic yes, Keyoxide seems nice on paper and its source code is open. Another alternative could be an IndieWeb profile [as described here](https://figbert.com/posts/how-to-replace-keybase-in-three-easy-steps/), although seems too much hassle if you don't have IndieWeb already. Guess it's up to a user to decide the set of services to conveniently & securely proof their identity, and up to you to see if this joint proof is trustworthy or more is needed.

     trust: ultimate      validity: ultimate
 Primary key fingerprint: D9DE EABF F447 B80F 7EC0  3A4B BAA0 A483 7C89 1E29

     Your Name <your.name@3mdeb.com>

This key is due to expire on 2023-04-07.
Are you sure that you want to sign this key with your
key "Piotr Król <piotr.krol@3mdeb.com>" (B2EE71E967AA9E4C)

Really sign? (y/N) y
```

Check signatures after signing:

```shell
$ gpg --check-sigs your.name@3mdeb.com
gpg: checking the trustdb
gpg: marginals needed: 3  completes needed: 1  trust model: pgp
gpg: depth: 0  valid:   7  signed:   6  trust: 0-, 0q, 0n, 0m, 0f, 7u
gpg: depth: 1  valid:   6  signed:   1  trust: 6-, 0q, 0n, 0m, 0f, 0u
gpg: next trustdb check due at 2021-11-23
pub   rsa4096 2021-04-07 [SC] [expires: 2023-04-07]
      D9DEEABFF447B80F7EC03A4BBAA0A4837C891E29
uid           [ultimate] Your Name <your.name@3mdeb.com>
sig!3        BAA0A4837C891E29 2021-04-07  Your Name <your.name@3mdeb.com>
sig!         B2EE71E967AA9E4C 2021-04-07  Piotr Król <piotr.krol@3mdeb.com>
sub   rsa4096 2021-04-07 [E] [expires: 2023-04-07]
sig!         BAA0A4837C891E29 2021-04-07  Your Name <your.name@3mdeb.com>

gpg: 3 good signatures
```

> Please send received key in encrypted email to your.name@3mdeb.com.

Reviewer: For those who don't have a 3mdeb e-mail, is it okay to send this key to another e-mail?

```shell
gpg --armor --output your-name-key-signed.asc --export "YOUR KEY ID HERE"
```

### Git configuration

Generated key should be used for signing every commit you push on behalf of
3mdeb. Detailed instruction for git configuration can be found
[here](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work). In short
you need following in `~/.gitconfig`:

```bash
[alias]
        ci = commit -s -S
[user]
        name = Your Name
        email = your.name@3mdeb.com
        signingkey = 48579AA47429663E
```

Make sure your
[Github](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/telling-git-about-your-signing-key#telling-git-about-your-gpg-key-2)
and [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/repository/gpg_signed_commits/index.html#adding-a-gpg-key-to-your-account) is set up correctly to provide GPG commit verification.

### Create pull request with key

> After everything is set up please issue pull request to this repo with signed

Reviewer: Are these branch instructions at [3mdeb/news-and-ideas](https://github.com/3mdeb/news-and-ideas#add-new-post) repository-specific, or this is a common workflow across all the 3mdeb repos?

Author: @mikebdp2 I would not say news-and-ideas branching applies to this repo. A simple pull request from your for of this repo is good enough.

The key ID in this case is `7429663E`.

### Sending key for signing

Generate ASCII armor public key file:

```
gpg --armor --output your-name-key.asc --export "YOUR KEY ID HERE"
```

> Obtain fingerprint of you key:

Reviewer 3: @pietrushnic
```suggestion
Obtain fingerprint of your key:
```

```
gpg -n -q --import --import-options import-show your-name-key.asc
```

Armored public key should be sent to
[3mdeb chat web-of-trust channel](https://chat.3mdeb.com/team-3mdeb/channels/web-of-trust).

Please send fingerprint to 3mdeb Team Leaders or Management using different
channel then 3mdeb chat e.g. https://keybase.io, LinkedIn, email, etc.

> Fingerprint should be sent to person who is work with you on signing your keys.

Reviewer 3: @pietrushnic `who is working` or `who works`

Author: ```suggestion
Fingerprints should be sent to the person who works with you on signing your keys.
```
